No warranties etc.

The APP is in the "BETA" stage and not a final product. 

Therefore, entitled to changed and modified without knowledge.

Although all reasonable care has been taken to assure the accuracy of the information on this Android Application (the “App”), it is provided “as is”. In no event shall Polestar Beta Tester be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, consequential or other kind of damages for any use of the App, or on any hyperlinked Android Application, including, without limitation, any lost profits, business interruption, loss of programs, loss of data or otherwise, even if Polestar Beta Tester has been expressly advised of the possibility of such damages.

Any warranties and representations in the App for Polestar Beta Tester products or services that you purchase or use will be subject to the agreed upon terms and conditions in the contract for such products or services.

Information on the App may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. The information contained on the App may be changed at any time without prior notification. Further, please note that Polestar Beta Tester reserves the right to at any time make changes to its products and services, including their prices.

Information on the App may contain references to Polestar Beta Tester products and services which are not announced or available in your country. Such references do not imply that Polestar Beta Tester intends to announce or make available such products and services in your country. Please also note that certain products and services may only be available at extra cost and that some of the information on the App may not be correct due to product changes having occurred after the launch or latest update of the App. Please contact your Polestar Beta Tester dealer for complete details regarding the products and services being available to you.


Unsolicited ideas etc.
Polestar Beta Tester appreciates to get input from its community and welcomes comments and feedback related to Polestar Beta Tester’s products and services. However, it is Polestar Beta Tester’s policy to not accept or otherwise consider information (such as ideas, proposals, suggestion and comments) other than such that Polestar Beta Tester has explicitly requested. This policy is intended to avoid misunderstandings or disputes since new products, services, features, business models etc. are continuously developed by Polestar Beta Tester or its suppliers which may be similar or identical to the ideas or information of others, even if developed without any inspiration from such ideas or information of others.

If, despite Polestar Beta Tester’s request that you do not send information to Polestar Beta Tester, you still send Polestar Beta Tester information, such as an idea, proposal, suggestion, comment etc., (collectively the “Submission”) you agree, regardless of any reservations made by you in an accompanying letter or otherwise:

that the Submission or parts of it shall be deemed non-confidential and non-proprietary;
that Polestar Beta Tester shall have no obligations (contractual or otherwise, including, but not limited to, obligations to review, respond to or otherwise process the Submission and/or to keep the Submission confidential) with respect to the Submission or parts of it;
that Polestar Beta Tester shall have no liability for any use or disclosure of the Submission, or parts of it; and
that Polestar Beta Tester shall be entitled to unrestricted use in any way of the Submission or parts of it for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, without any consideration or compensation to you.
Specific software available on the App
Any software that may be available to download from the App (the “Software”) is the copyrighted work of Polestar Beta Tester and/or its licensors.

Use of the Software is governed by the terms of the end user license agreement, if any, which accompanies or is included with the Software (“License Agreement”). Unless otherwise follows from the License Agreement the Software is made available for downloading solely for use by end users. Further, unless otherwise follows from the License Agreement, the Software may be used solely for the purpose for which the Software is made available. Any reproduction or redistribution of the Software not in accordance with the License Agreement is expressly prohibited and may result in civil and criminal penalties.

The Software is warranted, if at all, only according to the terms of the License Agreement. Except as may thus be warranted in the License Agreement, Polestar Beta Tester hereby disclaims all warranties with regard to the Software, including all implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement.

Intellectual Property
The content of the App is protected by copyright and other intellectual property rights. The content of the App may therefore not be reproduced or communicated without the prior written consent of Polestar Beta Tester. All trademarks and trade names displayed on the webApp are the property of Polestar Beta Tester.
